
The tool (Enterprise version) provides the following builtin features
  - Search
  - Pivot
  - Report
  - Alert
  - Dashboard 
  
  Search:
  Enter the following text in the search input and splunk will return all the events with status=404.
  
  status=404
  
  With this result, the top panel shows the events chart based on days, the left panel shows the additional columns/fields related to the events.
  The serch could be modified by clicking these fields/columns.
  
  There are 4 tabs displayed: Events, Pattern, Statistics and Visualisation. Click on each of these tabs to get more insight of the data.
  
  Pivot:
  Select Pivot. The top panel contains different filters and column/row split options. The left panel shows different visual representations available -
   bar charts, pie charts, radial gauge, filler gauge etc. The main section shows the result of filtered data.
   
   Report:
   Reports are based on single searches and can include visualizations, statistics and/or events. Click the name to view the report. 
   Open the report in Pivot or Search to refine the parameters or further explore the data.    This report could be opened in the 
   Search tab by selecting the options available on the right click menu.  The top toolbar contains "App" link which could be used 
   to lookup and install other reporting apps that can in installed on splunk.
   
   Alerts:
   Alerts set a condition that triggers an action, such as sending an email that contains the results of the triggering search to a list of people. Click the name to view the alert. 
   Open the alert in Search to refine the parameters
   
   Dashboard:
   Dashboards are comprised of multiple reports or inline searches. 
   
   Settings:
   There is link to "Settings" in the top toolbar. This Settings has various links to import data, Source Types and other configurations. 
   
        Data Input:
          Set up data inputs from files and directories, network ports, and scripted inputs. Two types of input - local and forwarded. Click the 
          links provided to configure these options.
   
   
   
   
  
